README.md, before:

# android-daily-tips

### Daily Tips From Android World
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips.svg)](https://github.com/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips/stargazers)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips.svg)](https://github.com/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips/issues)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips.svg)](https://github.com/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips)

[![alt text][TwitterIcon]][Twitter]
[![alt text][InstagramIcon]][Instagram]
[![alt text][TelegramIcon]][Telegram]

### #149 EditText Manual Focus Forward
![alt text](/screenshots/EditTextManualFocusForward.jpg)

### #148 Function Interfaces
![alt text](/screenshots/FunctionInterfaces.jpg)

### #147 DI Impl Costs Chart
![alt text](/screenshots/DiImplCosts.jpg)

### #146 Easy Spannable on Kotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/easyspannableonkotlin.png)

### #145 ApiCalls and Suspend Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/ApiCallsAndSuspendFunctions.png)

### #144 First and Predicate Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/FirstAndPredicate.jpg)

### #143 Luhn Check
![alt text](/screenshots/LuhnCheck.png)

### #142 List Impl. Discuss
![alt text](/screenshots/ListImplDiscuss.png)

### #141 How to  Read From Json
![alt text](/screenshots/ReadFromJson.png)

### #140 Checking Location Services with AndroidX
![alt text](/screenshots/CheckingLocationServices.png)

### #139 How LiveData works?
![alt text](/screenshots/LiveData.png)

### #138 RxJava Firebase Storage Sample Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/RxJavaFirebaseStorageSample.png)

### #137 Naming Imports
![alt text](/screenshots/NamingImportExample.png)

### #136 Keyboard Show/Hide Ext.
![alt text](/screenshots/KeyboardShowHideExt.png)

### #135 Correct usage of LifeCycleOwner in Fragments
![alt text](/screenshots/FragmentLiveDataLifeCycleOwner.png)

### #134 Handling onBackPressed on Fragments
![alt text](/screenshots/BackPressedOnFragments.jpg)

### #133 Mapper in Kotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/Mapper.png)

### #132 Why use Modularization in Android App Dev?
![alt text](/screenshots/WhyUseModularization.jpg)

### #131 Understanding Let Apply Run Also With
![alt text](/screenshots/LetApplyRunAlsoWith.jpg)

### #130 Android Studio Apply Changes
![alt text](/screenshots/ApplyChanges.jpg)

### #129 Art vs Dalvik
![alt text](/screenshots/ArtVsDalvik.jpg)

### #128 Static protection techniques that Dexguard provides
![alt text](/screenshots/Dexguard.jpg)

### #127 Sample network call with using RxJava, ViewModel and LiveData
![alt text](/screenshots/NetworkCallWithRxJavaAndViewModel.png)

### #126 ArrayList to String with Separator
![alt text](/screenshots/ArrayListToString.png)

### #125 ViewModel Extension for Coroutines Safe Launch
![alt text](/screenshots/ViewModelExtSafeLaunch.png)

### #124 Kotlin In and Is Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinInIs.jpg)

### #123 App Component Factory
![alt text](/screenshots/AppComponentFactory.png)

### #122 When With Mixed Objects
![alt text](/screenshots/WhenWithMixedObjects.jpg)

### #121 Observing Network Requests with Stetho
![alt text](/screenshots/StethoTip.jpg)

### #120 Interitance With Data Classes
![alt text](/screenshots/InteritanceWithDataClasses.jpg)

### #119 Key Points of Android Q Features
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidQFeatures.png)

### [#118 Dowlading file using OkHttp & Okio](/codes/DowloadingFileOkhttpOkio.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/DowloadingFileOkhttpOkio.png)

### #117 Kotlin As Class Clash (by Ragunath Jawahar #30DaysOfKotlin)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinAsClassClash.jpg)

### [#116 Fragment Lifecyclescope.laucnhWhenStarted](/codes/LaunchWhenStarted.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LaunchWhenStarted.png)

### #115 Local First with Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/LocalFirstWithCoroutines.jpg)

### [#114 Logging methods and parameters with Live Template](/codes/LogginWithLiveTemplate.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LogginWithLiveTemplate.png)

### #113 Kotlin Run
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinRun.jpg)

### #112 Kapt Incremental Compilation
![alt text](/screenshots/KaptIncrementalCompilation.jpg)

### #111 Creating Hidden Files
![alt text](/screenshots/CreatingHiddenFiles.jpg)

### #110 Locus Id
![alt text](/screenshots/LocusId.jpg))

### #109 Setting RecyclerView LayoutManager from Xml
![alt text](/screenshots/RecyclerViewLayoutManagerWithXml.jpg)

### #108 Preventing setValue or postValue from UI
![alt text](/screenshots/ObservingLiveData.png)

### #107 Android Background Work Decision Graph
![alt text](/screenshots/backgroundwork.png)

### #106 Fragment Argument Delegate
![alt text](/screenshots/FragmentArgumentDelegate.png)

### #105 Db Entity Mapper 
![alt text](/screenshots/DbEntityMapper.png)

### #104 Rx Debounce with Kotlin Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/RxDebounceWithKotlinCoroutines.jpg)

### #103 Data Binding SeekBar Color
![alt text](/screenshots/DataBindingSeekBarColor.jpg)

### #102 Useful ViewPager Extensions
![alt text](/screenshots/UsefulViewPagerExtensions.png)

### #101 Android Action Mode
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidActionMode.png)

### #100 Room with Dagger
![alt text](/screenshots/RoomWithDagger.png)

### #99 Recyclerview Setup
![alt text](/screenshots/RecyclerviewSetup.png)

### #98 Handling Generic ApiResponse with Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/HandlingGenericApiResponseWithCoroutines.png)

### #97 Coroutines Async Manager
![alt text](/screenshots/CoroutinesAsyncManager.png)

### #96 SingleLiveData
![alt text](/screenshots/SingleLiveData.png)

### #95 Parcelable vs Serializable
![alt text](/screenshots/ParcelableVsSerializable.png)

### #94 Kotlin Delegation By
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinDelegationBy.png)

### #93 TakeIf
![alt text](/screenshots/TakeIf.png)

### #92 Handling Api Result with Sealed Class
![alt text](/screenshots/HandlingApiResultWithSealedClass.png)

### #91 Android Arch.
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidArchitecture.jpg)

### #90 Reified Type find Fragment
![alt text](/screenshots/ReifiedTypeFindFragment.jpg)

### #89 Dalvik vs Art
![alt text](/screenshots/DalvikVsArt.png)

### #88 Preconditions
![alt text](/screenshots/Preconditions.png)

### #87 Typealias
![alt text](/screenshots/Typealias.png)

### #86 Checking Permissions
![alt text](/screenshots/CheckingPermissions.png)

### #85 Any TryCatch
![alt text](/screenshots/AnyTryCatch.png)

### #84 LiveData Generic Error Handling
![alt text](/screenshots/LiveDataGenericErrorHandling.png)

### #83 Android Studio 3.3 Features
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidStudioReleaseNewFeatures.jpg)

### #82 Kotlin Delegate for Initializing
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinDelegateForInitializing.png)

### #81 Testing with Mockito
![alt text](/screenshots/TestingWithMockito.png)

### #80 Utility Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/UtilityFunctions.png)

### #79 Property Override
![alt text](/screenshots/PropertyOverride.png)

### #78 Coroutine ViewModel
![alt text](/screenshots/CoroutineViewModel.png)

### #77 RxJava Concat Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/RxJavaConcatUsage.png)

### #76 Single RecyclerView Adapter
![alt text](/screenshots/SingleRecyclerViewAdapter.png)

### #75 Common Gradle File
![alt text](/screenshots/CommonGradleFile.png)

### #74 Extension Function For Rx Subscriptions
![alt text](/screenshots/ExtensionFuncForRxSubscriptions.png)

### #73 Map Associate
![alt text](/screenshots/MapAssociate.png)

### #72 Android Layout Params
![alt text](/screenshots/layoutparams.png)

### #71 Android Feature Module
![alt text](/screenshots/FeatureModule.png)

### #70 Reified Type Parameters
![alt text](/screenshots/ReifiedTypeParameters.png)

### #69 Performance Tips
![alt text](/screenshots/PerformanceTips.jpg)

### #68 Package Info
![alt text](/screenshots/PackageInfo.png)

### #67 Kotlin Standart Functions Cheatsheet
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinStandartFunctions.png)

### #66 JvmOverloads
![alt text](/screenshots/JvmOverloads.png)

### #65 Device and Network Requests
![alt text](/screenshots/1kbDownloadWithDevice.png)

### #65 Local Return
![alt text](/screenshots/LocalReturn.png)

### #64 Looper
![alt text](/screenshots/Looper.png)

### #63 Sync version of Async method
![alt text](/screenshots/AsyncToSync.png)

### #62 EditText Listener Impl
![alt text](/screenshots/EditTextListenerImpl.png)

### #61 MVI Architecture
![alt text](/screenshots/MviArchitecture.png)

### #60 Flatten Array
![alt text](/screenshots/FlattenArray.png)

### [#59 Kotlin Delegated Properties Observable](/codes/ObservableDelegation.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ObservableDelegation.png)

### #58 View Lifecycle
![alt text](/screenshots/ViewLifeCycle.png)

### #57 AndroidViewHierarchy
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidViewHierarchy.png)

### #56 Kotlin DSL
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinDsl.png)

### #55 APK Signature Scheme v2
![alt text](/screenshots/ApkSignatureSchemeV2.png)

### #54 MVP Architecture
![alt text](/screenshots/MvpArchitecture.png)

### #53 Gradle Configuration File
![alt text](/screenshots/GradleConfigurationFile.png)

### #52 Coroutines vs RxKotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/CoroutinesVsRxKotlin.png)

### #51 Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/Coroutines.png)

### #50 Fancy way to set OnClickListeners
![alt text](/screenshots/FancyWayToSetOnClickListeners.png)

### #49 Kotlin Package-Level Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/PackageLevelFunctions.png)

### #48 Android Coroutines Continuation
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidCoroutinesContinuation.png)

### #47 MDD - VCS Shortcuts
![alt text](/screenshots/VcsShortcutsForMDD.png)

### #46 Android Performance Tips:
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidPerformanceTips.png)

### #45 Target Fragment
![alt text](/screenshots/SetTargetFragment.png)

### [#44 Repeat Function](/codes/RepeatFunction.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/RepeatFunction.png)

### [#43 Type Alias Usage](/codes/TypeAliases.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/TypeAliases.png)

### [#42 Tailrec Usage](/codes/TailrecUsage.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/TailrecUsage.png)

### [#41 Smart Casts](/codes/SmartCast.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/SmartCasts.png)

### [#40 Infix Functions](/codes/InfixFunctions.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/InfixFunctions.png)

### [#39 Local Functions](/codes/LocalFunctions.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LocalFunctions.png)

### #38 Some Java Issues Addressed in Kotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/SomeJavaIssuesAddressedInKotlin.png)

### [#37 ArrayMap vs HashMap](/codes/MapComparison.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/mapComprasion.png)

### [#36 Using Parcelize in Kotlin](/codes/usingParcelizeInKotlin.kt)
![usingParcelizeInKotlin](/screenshots/usingParcelizeInKotlin.png)

### [#35 HashCode for Nullable Types in Kotlin 1.3](/codes/HasCodeForNullableTypes.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/HashCodeForNullableTypes.png)

### [#34 Stop All Gradle Processes](/codes/StopGradleProcesses.sh)
![StopGradleProcesses](/screenshots/StopGradleProcesses.jpg)

### [#33 Random Extension Function in Kotlin 1.3](/codes/RandomExtFuncInKotlin1-3.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/RandomExtFuncInKotlin1-3.png)

### [#32 When in Kotlin 1.3](/codes/WhenInKotlin1-3.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/WhenInKotlin1-3.png)

### [#31 ActivityRecognition](/codes/ActivityRecognition.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ActivityRecognition.png)

### [#30 Memory Optimization](/codes/MemoryOptimization.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/MemoryOptimization.png)

### #29 What's New in Android Pie?
![alt text](/screenshots/WhatsNewInAndroidPie.jpg)

### [#28 Range Using](/codes/RangeUsing.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/RangeUsing.png)

### [#27 Kotlin Style Support Version Check](/codes/KotlinStyleSupportVersionCheck.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinStyleSupportVersionCheck.jpg)

### #26 How To Resolve App Launching Time Delay
![alt text](/screenshots/HowToResolveAppLaunchingTimeDelay.png)

### #25 Tools To Improve Rendering
![alt text](/screenshots/ToolsToImproveRendering.png)

### [#24 Lazy Loading](/codes/LazyLoading.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LazyLoading.png)

### [#23 Execute Body If In Debug Mode](/codes/ExecuteBodyIfDebugMode.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ExecuteBodyIfDebugMode.png)

### #22 6 Mobile Security Tips
![alt text](/screenshots/6MobileSecurityTips.png)

### #21 Zip With Next And Windowed
![alt text](/screenshots/zipWithNextAndWindowed.png)

### #20 How To Store Data Locally
![alt text](/screenshots/HowToStoreDataLocally.png)

### [#19 Defining Map With Kotlin](/codes/DefiningMapWithKotlin.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/DefiningMapWithKotlin.png)

### [#18 How To Get Primary Color Of Theme](/codes/HowToGetPrimaryColorOfTheme.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/HowToGetPrimaryColorOfTheme.png)

### [#17 Check Network Connection](/codes/CheckNetworkConnection.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/CheckNetworkConnection.png)

### [#16 String Templates](/codes/StringTemplates.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/StringTemplates.png)

### [#15 Using Apply Sample](/codes/UsingApplySample.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/UsingApplySample.png)

### [#14 Elvis Operator](/codes/ElvisOperator.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ElvisOperator.png)

### #13 Git Pull
![alt text](/screenshots/GitPull.png)

### #12 Git Fetch
![alt text](/screenshots/GitFetch.png)

### [#11 Commit Vs Commit Allowing State Loss](/codes/CommitVsCommitAllowingStateLoss.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/CommitVsCommitAllowingStateLoss.png)

### [#10 Kotlin Way To Create Singletons](/codes/KotlinWayToCreateSingletons.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinWayToCreateSingletons.png)

### #9 Kotlin Way To Add Or Remove View
![alt text](/screenshots/AppActions.png)

### #8 Mastering Kotlin Standard Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/MasteringKotlinStandartFunctions.png)

### #7 Avoid Memory Leaks With Inner Classes
![alt text](/screenshots/AvoidMemoryLeaksWithInnerClasses.png)

### #6 Key Features To Increase Reach And Engagement
![alt text](/screenshots/KeyFeaturesToIncreaseReachAndEngagement.png)

### #5 Kotlin Readable And Clean Code
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinReadableAndCleanCode.png)

### [#4 Kotlin Way To Add Or Remove View](/codes/KotlinWayToAddOrRemoveView.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinWayToAddOrRemoveView.png)

### [#3 Efficient String Concatenation](/codes/EfficientStringConcat.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/EfficientStringConcat.png)

### [#2 Safe Constant Null Check](/codes/SafeConstantNullCheck.java)
![alt text](/screenshots/SafeConstantNullCheck.png)

### [#1 Implicit Null Check](/codes/ImplicitNullCheck.java)
![alt text](/screenshots/ImplicitNullCheck.png)

[TwitterIcon]: /art/twitter.png (twitter)
[InstagramIcon]: /art/instagram.png (instagram)
[TelegramIcon]: /art/telegram.png (telegram)

[Twitter]: https://twitter.com/AndroidDailyTip
[Instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/androiddailytips/
[Telegram]: https://t.me/androiddailytips

Commit message:

#150 Reading-Writing lists from/to RoomDB with Moshi

README.md, after:

# android-daily-tips

### Daily Tips From Android World
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips.svg)](https://github.com/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips/stargazers)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips.svg)](https://github.com/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips/issues)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips.svg)](https://github.com/MobileTipsters/android-daily-tips)

[![alt text][TwitterIcon]][Twitter]
[![alt text][InstagramIcon]][Instagram]
[![alt text][TelegramIcon]][Telegram]

### #150 Reading-Writing lists from/to RoomDB with Moshi
![alt text](/screenshots/RoomTypeConverter.png)

### #149 EditText Manual Focus Forward
![alt text](/screenshots/EditTextManualFocusForward.jpg)

### #148 Function Interfaces
![alt text](/screenshots/FunctionInterfaces.jpg)

### #147 DI Impl Costs Chart
![alt text](/screenshots/DiImplCosts.jpg)

### #146 Easy Spannable on Kotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/easyspannableonkotlin.png)

### #145 ApiCalls and Suspend Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/ApiCallsAndSuspendFunctions.png)

### #144 First and Predicate Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/FirstAndPredicate.jpg)

### #143 Luhn Check
![alt text](/screenshots/LuhnCheck.png)

### #142 List Impl. Discuss
![alt text](/screenshots/ListImplDiscuss.png)

### #141 How to  Read From Json
![alt text](/screenshots/ReadFromJson.png)

### #140 Checking Location Services with AndroidX
![alt text](/screenshots/CheckingLocationServices.png)

### #139 How LiveData works?
![alt text](/screenshots/LiveData.png)

### #138 RxJava Firebase Storage Sample Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/RxJavaFirebaseStorageSample.png)

### #137 Naming Imports
![alt text](/screenshots/NamingImportExample.png)

### #136 Keyboard Show/Hide Ext.
![alt text](/screenshots/KeyboardShowHideExt.png)

### #135 Correct usage of LifeCycleOwner in Fragments
![alt text](/screenshots/FragmentLiveDataLifeCycleOwner.png)

### #134 Handling onBackPressed on Fragments
![alt text](/screenshots/BackPressedOnFragments.jpg)

### #133 Mapper in Kotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/Mapper.png)

### #132 Why use Modularization in Android App Dev?
![alt text](/screenshots/WhyUseModularization.jpg)

### #131 Understanding Let Apply Run Also With
![alt text](/screenshots/LetApplyRunAlsoWith.jpg)

### #130 Android Studio Apply Changes
![alt text](/screenshots/ApplyChanges.jpg)

### #129 Art vs Dalvik
![alt text](/screenshots/ArtVsDalvik.jpg)

### #128 Static protection techniques that Dexguard provides
![alt text](/screenshots/Dexguard.jpg)

### #127 Sample network call with using RxJava, ViewModel and LiveData
![alt text](/screenshots/NetworkCallWithRxJavaAndViewModel.png)

### #126 ArrayList to String with Separator
![alt text](/screenshots/ArrayListToString.png)

### #125 ViewModel Extension for Coroutines Safe Launch
![alt text](/screenshots/ViewModelExtSafeLaunch.png)

### #124 Kotlin In and Is Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinInIs.jpg)

### #123 App Component Factory
![alt text](/screenshots/AppComponentFactory.png)

### #122 When With Mixed Objects
![alt text](/screenshots/WhenWithMixedObjects.jpg)

### #121 Observing Network Requests with Stetho
![alt text](/screenshots/StethoTip.jpg)

### #120 Interitance With Data Classes
![alt text](/screenshots/InteritanceWithDataClasses.jpg)

### #119 Key Points of Android Q Features
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidQFeatures.png)

### [#118 Dowlading file using OkHttp & Okio](/codes/DowloadingFileOkhttpOkio.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/DowloadingFileOkhttpOkio.png)

### #117 Kotlin As Class Clash (by Ragunath Jawahar #30DaysOfKotlin)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinAsClassClash.jpg)

### [#116 Fragment Lifecyclescope.laucnhWhenStarted](/codes/LaunchWhenStarted.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LaunchWhenStarted.png)

### #115 Local First with Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/LocalFirstWithCoroutines.jpg)

### [#114 Logging methods and parameters with Live Template](/codes/LogginWithLiveTemplate.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LogginWithLiveTemplate.png)

### #113 Kotlin Run
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinRun.jpg)

### #112 Kapt Incremental Compilation
![alt text](/screenshots/KaptIncrementalCompilation.jpg)

### #111 Creating Hidden Files
![alt text](/screenshots/CreatingHiddenFiles.jpg)

### #110 Locus Id
![alt text](/screenshots/LocusId.jpg))

### #109 Setting RecyclerView LayoutManager from Xml
![alt text](/screenshots/RecyclerViewLayoutManagerWithXml.jpg)

### #108 Preventing setValue or postValue from UI
![alt text](/screenshots/ObservingLiveData.png)

### #107 Android Background Work Decision Graph
![alt text](/screenshots/backgroundwork.png)

### #106 Fragment Argument Delegate
![alt text](/screenshots/FragmentArgumentDelegate.png)

### #105 Db Entity Mapper 
![alt text](/screenshots/DbEntityMapper.png)

### #104 Rx Debounce with Kotlin Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/RxDebounceWithKotlinCoroutines.jpg)

### #103 Data Binding SeekBar Color
![alt text](/screenshots/DataBindingSeekBarColor.jpg)

### #102 Useful ViewPager Extensions
![alt text](/screenshots/UsefulViewPagerExtensions.png)

### #101 Android Action Mode
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidActionMode.png)

### #100 Room with Dagger
![alt text](/screenshots/RoomWithDagger.png)

### #99 Recyclerview Setup
![alt text](/screenshots/RecyclerviewSetup.png)

### #98 Handling Generic ApiResponse with Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/HandlingGenericApiResponseWithCoroutines.png)

### #97 Coroutines Async Manager
![alt text](/screenshots/CoroutinesAsyncManager.png)

### #96 SingleLiveData
![alt text](/screenshots/SingleLiveData.png)

### #95 Parcelable vs Serializable
![alt text](/screenshots/ParcelableVsSerializable.png)

### #94 Kotlin Delegation By
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinDelegationBy.png)

### #93 TakeIf
![alt text](/screenshots/TakeIf.png)

### #92 Handling Api Result with Sealed Class
![alt text](/screenshots/HandlingApiResultWithSealedClass.png)

### #91 Android Arch.
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidArchitecture.jpg)

### #90 Reified Type find Fragment
![alt text](/screenshots/ReifiedTypeFindFragment.jpg)

### #89 Dalvik vs Art
![alt text](/screenshots/DalvikVsArt.png)

### #88 Preconditions
![alt text](/screenshots/Preconditions.png)

### #87 Typealias
![alt text](/screenshots/Typealias.png)

### #86 Checking Permissions
![alt text](/screenshots/CheckingPermissions.png)

### #85 Any TryCatch
![alt text](/screenshots/AnyTryCatch.png)

### #84 LiveData Generic Error Handling
![alt text](/screenshots/LiveDataGenericErrorHandling.png)

### #83 Android Studio 3.3 Features
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidStudioReleaseNewFeatures.jpg)

### #82 Kotlin Delegate for Initializing
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinDelegateForInitializing.png)

### #81 Testing with Mockito
![alt text](/screenshots/TestingWithMockito.png)

### #80 Utility Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/UtilityFunctions.png)

### #79 Property Override
![alt text](/screenshots/PropertyOverride.png)

### #78 Coroutine ViewModel
![alt text](/screenshots/CoroutineViewModel.png)

### #77 RxJava Concat Usage
![alt text](/screenshots/RxJavaConcatUsage.png)

### #76 Single RecyclerView Adapter
![alt text](/screenshots/SingleRecyclerViewAdapter.png)

### #75 Common Gradle File
![alt text](/screenshots/CommonGradleFile.png)

### #74 Extension Function For Rx Subscriptions
![alt text](/screenshots/ExtensionFuncForRxSubscriptions.png)

### #73 Map Associate
![alt text](/screenshots/MapAssociate.png)

### #72 Android Layout Params
![alt text](/screenshots/layoutparams.png)

### #71 Android Feature Module
![alt text](/screenshots/FeatureModule.png)

### #70 Reified Type Parameters
![alt text](/screenshots/ReifiedTypeParameters.png)

### #69 Performance Tips
![alt text](/screenshots/PerformanceTips.jpg)

### #68 Package Info
![alt text](/screenshots/PackageInfo.png)

### #67 Kotlin Standart Functions Cheatsheet
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinStandartFunctions.png)

### #66 JvmOverloads
![alt text](/screenshots/JvmOverloads.png)

### #65 Device and Network Requests
![alt text](/screenshots/1kbDownloadWithDevice.png)

### #65 Local Return
![alt text](/screenshots/LocalReturn.png)

### #64 Looper
![alt text](/screenshots/Looper.png)

### #63 Sync version of Async method
![alt text](/screenshots/AsyncToSync.png)

### #62 EditText Listener Impl
![alt text](/screenshots/EditTextListenerImpl.png)

### #61 MVI Architecture
![alt text](/screenshots/MviArchitecture.png)

### #60 Flatten Array
![alt text](/screenshots/FlattenArray.png)

### [#59 Kotlin Delegated Properties Observable](/codes/ObservableDelegation.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ObservableDelegation.png)

### #58 View Lifecycle
![alt text](/screenshots/ViewLifeCycle.png)

### #57 AndroidViewHierarchy
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidViewHierarchy.png)

### #56 Kotlin DSL
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinDsl.png)

### #55 APK Signature Scheme v2
![alt text](/screenshots/ApkSignatureSchemeV2.png)

### #54 MVP Architecture
![alt text](/screenshots/MvpArchitecture.png)

### #53 Gradle Configuration File
![alt text](/screenshots/GradleConfigurationFile.png)

### #52 Coroutines vs RxKotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/CoroutinesVsRxKotlin.png)

### #51 Coroutines
![alt text](/screenshots/Coroutines.png)

### #50 Fancy way to set OnClickListeners
![alt text](/screenshots/FancyWayToSetOnClickListeners.png)

### #49 Kotlin Package-Level Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/PackageLevelFunctions.png)

### #48 Android Coroutines Continuation
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidCoroutinesContinuation.png)

### #47 MDD - VCS Shortcuts
![alt text](/screenshots/VcsShortcutsForMDD.png)

### #46 Android Performance Tips:
![alt text](/screenshots/AndroidPerformanceTips.png)

### #45 Target Fragment
![alt text](/screenshots/SetTargetFragment.png)

### [#44 Repeat Function](/codes/RepeatFunction.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/RepeatFunction.png)

### [#43 Type Alias Usage](/codes/TypeAliases.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/TypeAliases.png)

### [#42 Tailrec Usage](/codes/TailrecUsage.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/TailrecUsage.png)

### [#41 Smart Casts](/codes/SmartCast.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/SmartCasts.png)

### [#40 Infix Functions](/codes/InfixFunctions.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/InfixFunctions.png)

### [#39 Local Functions](/codes/LocalFunctions.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LocalFunctions.png)

### #38 Some Java Issues Addressed in Kotlin
![alt text](/screenshots/SomeJavaIssuesAddressedInKotlin.png)

### [#37 ArrayMap vs HashMap](/codes/MapComparison.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/mapComprasion.png)

### [#36 Using Parcelize in Kotlin](/codes/usingParcelizeInKotlin.kt)
![usingParcelizeInKotlin](/screenshots/usingParcelizeInKotlin.png)

### [#35 HashCode for Nullable Types in Kotlin 1.3](/codes/HasCodeForNullableTypes.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/HashCodeForNullableTypes.png)

### [#34 Stop All Gradle Processes](/codes/StopGradleProcesses.sh)
![StopGradleProcesses](/screenshots/StopGradleProcesses.jpg)

### [#33 Random Extension Function in Kotlin 1.3](/codes/RandomExtFuncInKotlin1-3.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/RandomExtFuncInKotlin1-3.png)

### [#32 When in Kotlin 1.3](/codes/WhenInKotlin1-3.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/WhenInKotlin1-3.png)

### [#31 ActivityRecognition](/codes/ActivityRecognition.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ActivityRecognition.png)

### [#30 Memory Optimization](/codes/MemoryOptimization.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/MemoryOptimization.png)

### #29 What's New in Android Pie?
![alt text](/screenshots/WhatsNewInAndroidPie.jpg)

### [#28 Range Using](/codes/RangeUsing.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/RangeUsing.png)

### [#27 Kotlin Style Support Version Check](/codes/KotlinStyleSupportVersionCheck.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinStyleSupportVersionCheck.jpg)

### #26 How To Resolve App Launching Time Delay
![alt text](/screenshots/HowToResolveAppLaunchingTimeDelay.png)

### #25 Tools To Improve Rendering
![alt text](/screenshots/ToolsToImproveRendering.png)

### [#24 Lazy Loading](/codes/LazyLoading.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/LazyLoading.png)

### [#23 Execute Body If In Debug Mode](/codes/ExecuteBodyIfDebugMode.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ExecuteBodyIfDebugMode.png)

### #22 6 Mobile Security Tips
![alt text](/screenshots/6MobileSecurityTips.png)

### #21 Zip With Next And Windowed
![alt text](/screenshots/zipWithNextAndWindowed.png)

### #20 How To Store Data Locally
![alt text](/screenshots/HowToStoreDataLocally.png)

### [#19 Defining Map With Kotlin](/codes/DefiningMapWithKotlin.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/DefiningMapWithKotlin.png)

### [#18 How To Get Primary Color Of Theme](/codes/HowToGetPrimaryColorOfTheme.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/HowToGetPrimaryColorOfTheme.png)

### [#17 Check Network Connection](/codes/CheckNetworkConnection.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/CheckNetworkConnection.png)

### [#16 String Templates](/codes/StringTemplates.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/StringTemplates.png)

### [#15 Using Apply Sample](/codes/UsingApplySample.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/UsingApplySample.png)

### [#14 Elvis Operator](/codes/ElvisOperator.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/ElvisOperator.png)

### #13 Git Pull
![alt text](/screenshots/GitPull.png)

### #12 Git Fetch
![alt text](/screenshots/GitFetch.png)

### [#11 Commit Vs Commit Allowing State Loss](/codes/CommitVsCommitAllowingStateLoss.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/CommitVsCommitAllowingStateLoss.png)

### [#10 Kotlin Way To Create Singletons](/codes/KotlinWayToCreateSingletons.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinWayToCreateSingletons.png)

### #9 Kotlin Way To Add Or Remove View
![alt text](/screenshots/AppActions.png)

### #8 Mastering Kotlin Standard Functions
![alt text](/screenshots/MasteringKotlinStandartFunctions.png)

### #7 Avoid Memory Leaks With Inner Classes
![alt text](/screenshots/AvoidMemoryLeaksWithInnerClasses.png)

### #6 Key Features To Increase Reach And Engagement
![alt text](/screenshots/KeyFeaturesToIncreaseReachAndEngagement.png)

### #5 Kotlin Readable And Clean Code
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinReadableAndCleanCode.png)

### [#4 Kotlin Way To Add Or Remove View](/codes/KotlinWayToAddOrRemoveView.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/KotlinWayToAddOrRemoveView.png)

### [#3 Efficient String Concatenation](/codes/EfficientStringConcat.kt)
![alt text](/screenshots/EfficientStringConcat.png)

### [#2 Safe Constant Null Check](/codes/SafeConstantNullCheck.java)
![alt text](/screenshots/SafeConstantNullCheck.png)

### [#1 Implicit Null Check](/codes/ImplicitNullCheck.java)
![alt text](/screenshots/ImplicitNullCheck.png)

[TwitterIcon]: /art/twitter.png (twitter)
[InstagramIcon]: /art/instagram.png (instagram)
[TelegramIcon]: /art/telegram.png (telegram)

[Twitter]: https://twitter.com/AndroidDailyTip
[Instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/androiddailytips/
[Telegram]: https://t.me/androiddailytips
